“I’ll never understand,” the man began, running a hand through his dark mop of hair. “why you write like this.”
	“Write like what, Kayo?” Behind him, a woman closed the door of her ice box with the sole of her boot. She approached him, holding two bottles of an amber-colored liquid. “Here, drink.” She handed one to Kayo who took it readily.
	“Well, this Nero guy isn’t dead, right? But you wrote the article like he is.  Like it’s an obituary.”
	“I call it an early obituary.” The woman shrugged.
	“Don’t you think that’s a little depressing?” 
“In these times, you never know when someone’s going to off themselves, or mysteriously disappear. A good reporter is always prepared. And really, Kayo, who isn’t depressed anymore?” Popping the bottle cap off with her teeth, she took a swig from the bottle and belched loudly.
	“Very ladylike, Oshi.” Kayo said dryly, before turning his attention back to her article. He had known Oshi since the two were small. Her older brother would often bring her along to the boxing gym that Kayo’s father ran. Initially, they had disliked each other, but once Oshi had cracked him in the nose, and Kayo had gained begrudging respect for her, they had become inseparable.
	“Just read the damn article.” She rolled her eyes. “I think you’ll find it interesting.” Kayo nodded and continued to read. At first glance, the article seemed to be about what every article was about; the happenings on their Mother Planet, where the so-called “Eternals” resided or at least that’s what we call them. He had heard stories of the rebirths on that planet. Horror stories. Stories of pain and guilt and confusion. “Did you get to the part about the invention yet?” Kayo shook his head.
	“Just let me read, ok? You know I’m a bit slow.” Oshi made an impatient sound in the back of her throat but relented. Suddenly, something caught Kayo’s eye.
The whereabouts of Nero Gaeta’s invention have yet to be determined, but authorities on Planet Alpha B have stated that they are doing all that they can to recover it. It is believed that the invention poses dangerous side-effects, and in the wrong hands, could do irreversible damage. Several Task Forces have been deployed to Planets Beta and Omega to try and recover the missing invention. 
As for Nero himself, it is suspected that he accomplished his life’s work with his invention. After the loss of his life partner in a supposedly defective Rebirth Ceremony, it was reported that he went mad, refusing to partake in the Community Pool. It is still unknown why he was given the letter he wrote in his previous life; officials say it was a “clerical error”.
However, it is speculated that Nero’s life-partner was not the only one killed in defective rebirths. In fact, there has been an increase in deaths of Eternals in the past ten years. This begs the question, is someone tampering with the process?
	Kayo frowned. He wanted desperately to tell Oshi that he knew the whereabouts of Nero’s invention. After all, it had been used on him. Closing his eyes, Kayo tried to disregard the flood of memories that begged to come forth. They made his heart beat faster as he remembered the pain. The cold, wet floor of the jail cell. 
	“Why did you think that the article would interest me?” Kayo croaked; his throat suddenly very dry. There was a thirst that crept up on him, but he knew it could not be satisfied by the drink Oshi had provided him. “I don’t really care about what happens on Alpha. Those holier-than-thou scumbags are of no importance to me.”
	“You told me the last time I saw you that you wondered what was creating the Enhanced, remember?” Oshi said, cocking her head. Kayo cursed himself. He hadn’t wanted to drag Oshi into the situation. But it seemed he already had. No matter, she wouldn’t get any more information from him.
	“I don’t think that an invention from Alpha made it here, Oshi.” He lied, trying to keep his voice as flat as possible. “And even if it did, I doubt that’s what’s creating the Enhanced.”
	“Then what is?” She said, her eyebrows knitting together. “What else could be making these normal, everyday gang members into…into super beings? Kayo, don’t you think that this is something we need to be looking out for? I mean, the Council of Elders literally appointed a task force to handle this! How is that not something suspicious?” She frowned. “And why else would the UC groups be looking for Nero’s invention if it wasn’t the cause?”
	“Those are all really good questions, but I’m not the guy you should be asking.” Kayo said simply. Oshi looked at him for a moment before shaking her head.
	“Kayo, I care about you a lot. And ever since you got out of that damned jail, you’ve seemed…different.” 
	“Different how?” Kayo’s palms were beginning to sweat.
	“You’re never around as much. You hardly ever talk to me, and you always seem to keep your distance when we are together. Seriously, like when is the last time, we’ve had a sparring match?” Kayo frowned. Oshi didn’t know that a sparring match between the two of them would kill her. She didn’t know that being with another person too long made Kayo’s hunger worse. She didn’t know that he had a mission to fulfill. She didn’t know. And she would never know.
	“You’re just being paranoid, Oshi.” Kayo said gently. “I’ve been busy, you know. Someone has to run the gym, and I had to take on that mantel.”
	“No one even goes to the gym anymore!” Oshi was beginning to look frustrated. “Not since—” She stopped herself, looking up at Kayo with guilt in her eyes. He shook his head.
	“It’s ok, you can say it. Since my father died.”
	“I’m sorry.” She said in a quiet voice. “I didn’t mean to bring it up.” Kayo shrugged, looking away.
	“It is what it is. Death is a part of life. At least for us.” With that, he turned and grabbed his jacket from the back of a broken chair. “I gotta go, Oshi. Thanks for letting me read your article.”
	“Sure.” Oshi looked after him as he walked towards the door. “Kayo?”
	“Hmm?”
	“Just…whatever it is you’re doing. Please be careful. You’re all I got.”
	“I know, Oshi. You’re all I got, too.” With a curt nod, Kayo was out the door and down the stairs, ignoring the putrid smell of the building. Like everything in the city, it was rundown. What had once been a utopia, a proud child of the Planet Alpha, had been abandoned along with its people. They had been cut off from the resources, ignored by the elders. 
That is, until six months ago, when the task force, the “Under Control” group, started to patrol the streets. At first, Kayo had been relieved; finally, there would be a reprieve from the egregious gang violence that plagued the city. He had seen too many people lying dead in the streets within his short lifetime, and no one was doing anything about it. The UC brought hope. But it wasn’t until he had watched a boy no more than twelve being savagely beaten by four gang members, in clear view of a UC officer, that he realized they weren’t here to help. The officer watched the brutality with an expression of mild interest and overwhelming disdain. Kayo knew that all those from Alpha thought that the people of his planet were nothing more than beasts. And apparently, that made them worthless.  But Kayo was not one to stand by as a child was murdered.
	Despite being the son of a renowned boxing coach, Kayo wasn’t the best fighter, at least back then. But he had thrown himself in with abandon and took the place of the child who had thankfully escaped. Kayo had taken a beating that day, almost dying from his injuries, but it wasn’t the worst of his problems. He had been arrested for defending the child, or “partaking in gang violence” as the UC officer stated. Even as he was being processed at the jail, Kayo knew it was bullshit. They had taken him for a reason. 
	Unfortunately, Kayo had been right about that. The officer had watched Kayo’s actions and had decided that he was the perfect candidate for experimentation. Kayo often looked back on that day and wished the officer had just left him to die. The fate he had been assigned was far worse.
	For the next month, Kayo had found himself being probed and jabbed and electrocuted by some machine that he could not recognize. It caused a fire to ignite in his veins that hurt like hell at first. But now, as it licked at his bones and made his skin itch, Kayo knew what it was. The fire was a hunger that could only be satiated by flesh and blood. He remembered in his jail cell being served ox blood, bat ears, a human kidney. And he remembered the effects of the morsels just as well. The blood had given him a temporary strength that he used to try to break free. That earned him a beating. The ears had given him supersonic hearing that made his brain pulsate and cry. The kidney made him feel surprisingly normal; apparently, it was just to help rejuvenate him.
	Upon Kayo’s release, he was confused. He didn’t understand what had been done to him, at least for the first few weeks. It wasn’t until the burning began again that he knew something was different. There was suddenly a wolf rearing its head within him, and he intrinsically knew that he needed to feed. At first, he tried to refuse the urge, but what happened in the result was not pleasant at all. It was, in fact, a fate worse than death. The Living Death, other Enhanced called it. The unbearable torture. Kayo had tried to outlast it but ended up mutilating a rat to alleviate his pain. 
	Rats became Kayo’s main source of substance from then on. He hunted at night, watching as the other Enhanced prowled around, looking for a more substantive meal. They knew what he was, just as he knew what they were. They could sense it, and so they left the other alone. 
	Kayo remained in a state of confused terror until four months later, when the disappearances began. It started with a little girl who had been taken right from her bed. Child abductions weren’t uncommon in Kayo’s city, but they usually turned up a few days later. Usually dead. However, the little girl was never seen again. There was no trace, no clues, nothing. Then, more children were taken. Ripped from schoolyards, playgrounds, homes. The UC even began to investigate. That was what told Kayo it had something to do with the Enhanced. It made him sick to his stomach that anyone would willingly feed off a child. It made him even sicker when he realized he felt the intense hunger as well.
	Shaking his head, Kayo tried to clear his mind of the thoughts that plagued him. The pain was too much. As he walked the crowded city streets, hands plunged deep within his jacket pockets, he counted the Enhanced around him. They were mostly men, ex-cons and gang members. What the scientists at the jail had failed to realize that once an Enhanced had been created, they had the power to spread their disease. All they needed to do was give someone a vial of their own blood to drink and the other would be affected as well. Kayo frowned. He couldn’t imagine wanting the disease; it made his life miserable. And eternal. He could not die, despite his greatest efforts.
	And the efforts were indeed great. He had tried with desperation to starve himself, so sickened by the idea of feeding that he would rather face the numbness of death. But as day after day passed, death would not come. Instead, he felt the wolf eating away at his insides, tearing at him as he was meant to tear at another. The pain was far too great on those days. But never enough to send him hunting for a human victim.
	Kayo stopped walking and pulled his jacket tighter around his torso. A chilled wind had come along with the sunset, sending scraps of paper and garbage whipping down the streets, looking like ghosts in the dusk. He hated the city. Had hated it since he was a child. He remembered how his father would walk him to school, glaring down the gang members who sat like lions upon the stoops, surveying their domain. He remembered the night his father was murdered by one of these lions. For the paper in his wallet.
	Pulling out his key, Kayo unlocked the door to his building and started up the stairs. The sound of rats scurrying past made his stomach growl. He was starved. It had been a week since his last feeding. The killing was not something that Kayo enjoyed, even if he was killing a rat. But he knew it had to be done if only to alleviate the gnawing pain in his abdomen. Putting his ear to the wall, he listened closely. One of the earliest symptoms that he had noticed after his enhancement was heightened senses. When he was particularly hungry, he could smell the blood rushing through the veins of a being. Closing his eyes, Kayo tapped the wall with his fingernail. He knew where the nest would be. Pulling his right hand back, he struck the wall, his hand shooting through it like paper. His fingers wrapped deftly around a rat and he pulled it out. Immediately, before he could see the terror in the animal’s eyes, he tore into it, feeling euphoria as the blood spilled hot down his throat.
	None of the gore of the rat was wasted. Kayo stuffed it down his gullet and licked the blood from his fingertips before heading up to his apartment. Deep down, he knew that eating rats would not keep him fed for long. Soon, his hunger would grow too great, and he would have to feed on larger prey.
	As Kayo entered his apartment, his attention was immediately drawn to the mess of pictures and notes that were plastered to the far wall. The photographs were blurry but could be made out to be people. Several article clippings were scattered between them, all about the missing children, missing animals, and the UC. He crossed the room and examined the wall; it was a clear depiction of his mission.
	When Kayo had realized his condition, he had done as much research as was possible into what it was, and who else had it. Right away, he had recognized the danger that the Enhanced posed. And he hadn’t been wrong. After doing some investigating into the bowels of the gang world, he realized that it wasn’t just those in poverty, those surrounding him, who had been enhanced. Rather, they had been the lab rats for the elite. And once the elite had become enhanced, a market was created. A blood market.
	Kayo knew what happened when an Enhanced fed. He knew the high that would erupt within their bodies. He knew the insatiable urge all too well. It was a shame that he was the only one who seemed to care enough to investigate it all. Well, besides Oshi. But he wasn’t about to drag her into it. If he had it his way, she would be sent far away, to a planet that was safe. She would never allow that, though.  
	As coincidence would have it, that very moment was when Oshi decided to call. Kayo debated not picking up; there was far too much evidence in his apartment that could lead her to discover his secret. But as his wrist continued to ring, he sighed and answered, a small blue hologram of Oshi popping up above his palm. Kayo purposely turned her back to his theory wall.
	“I just left your place. What do you want?” He said, taking on a bemused expression. She looked a bit frantic, her eyes wide, long hair looking disheveled.
	“I just found something!” She said seriously, looking down at what he assumed was her computer. “And I think it has to do with the missing invention!”
	“Wait, what do you mean you found it?”
	“I’ve been paying off some…people…to give me information.” She said, looking away guiltily.
	“You aren’t doing anything stupid, are you Oshi?”
	“Define stupid.”
	“Paying gang members to give you information.” Kayo said, studying her face. The last thing he wanted was for her to be putting herself in harm’s way. “Look, I don’t get why you’re so hung up on this. Just let it go.”
	“I’m a journalist, Kayo.” Oshi said sternly. “You might not care, but I do! And I don’t care what it takes. Something horrible is happening, and I know that it’s all connected.” Kayo drew a heavy sigh before relenting.
	“Fine. What information do you have?”
	“Ok, so you know all those missing children?” Her voice had taken on a business-like tone.
	“Of course.” Kayo’s eyes flickered to the articles he had pinned to the wall. He thanked the Elders that she couldn’t see the obsessive display.  He knew that it would reveal far too much about the monster he had become.
	“Right, well we all know that the Enhanced feed off of small animals and stuff. But I’m pretty sure that they’re taking the children.”
	“You think they’re cannibalizing them?” Kayo did his best to play dumb. Oshi bought the act.
	“Exactly. And that’s not all. I actually think that they’re farming them and selling them to the rich.”
	“So, you think that there are rich people who are intentionally becoming Enhanced?” Kayo had an inclination that the missing children were being harvested. Their organs, their skin, their youth, to help to rejuvenate the elite. It had made sense, once the children had started to go missing. But he hadn’t expected Oshi to find it out so quickly. The thought made a pit grow in his stomach, and though he tried to swallow down his worry, it stayed caught in his throat. Who knew how much longer she would stay alive with that kind of information? 
	“Exactly. In fact, I know that. My sources know of five families on Alpha who’ve enhanced themselves and are feeding off of the harvested organs.” Oshi looked intensely at Kayo. “And tonight, there’s going to be a huge shipment of organs.”
	“Where?” Kayo did his best to hide his excitement. If he could have that information, he would get one step closer to discovering who was behind it all. He could find out who had stolen Nero’s invention, and why. He could perhaps find a cure. The thought caught in his throat.
	“The shipping store on Bradley.”
	“The one that the Hounds took over?” Kayo breathed. The Hounds were considered the worst of all the gangs in the area. There were rumors that they supplied a black market that was run out of the third moon over Omega. But they were just rumors. Until now.
	“That’s the one. They’re sending a shipment up north tonight.” Even though the hologram, Kayo could see a glimmer in Oshi’s eyes. A glimmer he didn’t like. He recognized it from their youth when she would do stupid things on a whim just for the adrenaline.
	“You aren’t thinking of going there, are you Oshi?” She wouldn’t look at him. “Oshi, promise me you won’t. The Hounds are dangerous. You’ll die.” He said in a barking tone. Kayo furrowed his brow and gave her a look of disapproval.
	“I’m a journalist, I have to get the full—”
	“You have to stay alive!” Kayo cried. “You asked me today to be careful. Well, now I’m asking you for the same. I can’t lose you, Oshi.” She looked up, tears brimming in her eyes. “My mom went missing when I was three. My dad’s gone. Who do I have if I lose you, too?”
	“I can’t lose myself, though, Kayo. And finding out the truth…that’s who I am.” She looked away sadly, biting at her bottom lip. “I…I have to go.”
	“Oshi, wai—” But she had already gone, leaving Kayo in the raw, dark silence of his apartment. Breathing heavily, he spun on his heel and examined the wall. If Oshi was right, and a shipment was heading north tonight, he had to be there. He had to see for himself what was going on. That was his only hope. He was his only hope. His only concern now was Oshi. She was the only family he had left, and he could not allow anything to happen to her.
	Lacing up a pair of leather boots, Kayo slipped a small knife into the heel and strapped another to his arm. Though his disease made him strong, he imagined he was no match for a fellow Enhanced. Especially if they were a member of the Hounds. After all, he had been feeding solely on rats, and who knew what they had been gorging themselves on. He swapped his jacket for a long, black leather trench coat, thinking that it would offer extra protection if he were to get into trouble. And if Oshi happened to be there, if she was stupid enough to show up, to satiate her need for knowledge, he was certainly going to be in trouble. 
The shipping store on Bradley was just as run-down and decrepit as all of the other buildings in the city. However, unlike the rest of the buildings, it was lit up and bustling with life as the Hounds moved packages from the back of the building to a large, armored truck. Kayo tread quietly, keeping a wary eye on the gang members as they loaded the vehicle. He could feel the vibrations in the air and knew that they all were Enhanced. Despite his own abilities, he was afraid. Even more so when he saw a flash of blonde hair from the alleyway adjacent to the building. His heart sank, and he diverted his attention. 
Squatting behind a large, wooden crate was Oshi. She had put her hair into a long ponytail and was dressed all in black. In her hands was the large camera that Kayo had given her for her birthday. He regretted it now. She didn’t notice him at first, her eyes trained to the activity happening in the shipping store. Anger built inside of him, but not out of malice. Out of fear for her.
“I knew you would be here.” He hissed, causing her to jump. Oshi flashed him a look with equal parts venom and guilt. 
“I had to be.” She whispered back forcefully. “Someone has to stop them!”
“Well, it won’t be you!” Kayo moved to grab her camera, but she was too fast and pulled away. “Oshi be reasonable! These guys, they aren’t normal. They’re all Enhanced! They could kill you!”
“I don’t care!” Oshi’s voice was beginning to rise, and Kayo looked around frantically to ensure they weren’t being watched. “This is wrong, Kayo, don’t you care?”
Why the hell do you think I’m here, Oshi?” Kayo spread his arms wide. “I’m here to figure it out, ok? I think it’s wrong, too.”
“And what makes you more qualified to go after them?” Oshi’s voice shook, eyes narrow. Then suddenly, they grew very wide. At first, fear sparked in them, then pity. “Oh Kayo…you’re one of them, aren’t you?” Kayo swallowed and looked away. But as he did, he noticed that the truck was starting to move.
“Shit, I have to get over there.” He said. Kayo looked back at the confused, hurt expression on Oshi’s face. She opened her mouth, as if to say something to him, but stopped. Her blue eyes filled with tears. Kayo reached out and touched the side of her face, running his fingertips gently over her skin as though to assure her it was ok.  Then, he sprinted away from her. His footsteps were loud against the hard ground as he ran, lungs pumping hard. 
As the truck began to pull away from the lot, he grabbed onto the bumper and held it tight, gripping it so that the heels of his boots were the only thing touching the ground. They scraped violently against the pavement as the truck increased speed, sparks flying off of the metal heel. As the truck took a corner, just a bit too fast, he found himself nearly being flung from the back, but slapped at the bumper and caught at it. It was too late, though, as he realized that the passenger had seen him in the mirror. The truck’s driving became more erratic. The driver served hard, sending Kayo off the back and onto the pavement. He scrambled to get up, but the back tire caught his hand, crushing it with a loud crunch. Wincing in pain, Kayo held his lame hand to his chest, catching the truck’s bumper again with his free hand. But he wasn’t strong enough with just the one hand, and his body dropped down, scraping violently against the road. As the truck began to move more erratically, it smashed and scraped at his flesh and chipped at his bones. The pain began to bloom as blood broke through his skin. Gritting his teeth, he tried to ignore the feeling of his body breaking so that he could hold on to the truck. But just as he felt himself relenting, it all stopped.
Panting, Kayo heard the sound of the truck door being opened, then slammed shut. A heavy pair of footsteps ran towards him. Kayo released the bumper and looked up. Standing before him was a mountain of a man, with flaming red hair and piercing green eyes. He was dressed in the traditional dingy brown that the Hounds required.  The man smirked, showing sharp eye teeth that Kayo couldn’t help but wonder were natural.
“A stowaway.” The man commented gruffly. “And to think I was hoping for a meal on the go.” A beefy hand grabbed Kayo by the shirt collar and lifted him off the ground so that his feet dangled helplessly. Kayo’s body screamed as it moved, and the scream awoke something in him that he hadn’t felt before. His wolf was suddenly not alone, but a pack. Kayo’s heart began to beat faster than he had thought possible. The large man brought Kayo close to his own face so that Kayo could smell the putrid scent of his breath. He saw grizzle stuck in the corner of the man’s mouth. “I’ve never eaten another Enhanced before.” The man’s breath was hot against Kayo’s face. He opened his mouth to bite Kayo’s throat.
But the man didn’t notice as Kayo fingered the knife from inside of his boot, bringing it forth. And he didn’t notice as the knife flashed silver against his throat. The man’s eyes widened, and he made a strange gurgling sound as he clamped his hands to his neck, trying desperately to stop the flow of blood. Kayo dropped deftly to the ground and sprang forward, clamping his teeth down hard over the flesh of the man’s neck. 
Kayo had never thought he would be eating the flesh of another man. But as his teeth ripped through the screaming soon to be a corpse, he felt as though he was in a state of pure euphoria. Kayo had felt the effects of drugs in his life, had taken part in the pleasure of the flesh, but nothing, no ecstasy could compare to what he felt in that moment. His hands worked independently from his brain, ripping out the man’s organs and shoving them unceremoniously down his gullet. A part of him knew the guilt he would feel after the feeding, but it seemed inconsequential in the heat of the moment. The blood was hot and ran down his throat and face as he consumed the man with a fervor that he did not know he had. Before Kayo knew what exactly had transpired, the man was ripped to the bone. 
Breathing heavily, Kayo stepped back, realizing suddenly what he had done. But the guilt, the remorse, the self-loathing he had anticipated was not there. Instead, strange memories began to bloom in his brain, like seedlings taking to the sun. A man’s face became clear in his mind, talking about what time the shipment would arrive. Kayo put a bloody hand to his head, before gazing at it in wonder. It was completely healed, better than healed in fact. And these memories…Kayo gazed at the skeleton that lay at his feet. The memories belonged to the man. His meal.
Kayo stepped towards the skeleton and sank to his knees, picking at the fragments of clothing that had been left behind. As his new memories suggested, there was a key ring in the man’s pants. Kayo took it out and walked to the back of the truck. Inserting a key into the master lock, he turned it and heard it click open. With a single, fluid motion, Kayo opened the truck and hoisted himself inside. It was cold, almost to the point of being freezing. A light flickered on above Kayo’s head, illuminating at least a hundred plastic crates. Kayo walked to the nearest one and pried it open. Right on the top, in a sealed bag, was a kidney. A human kidney. 
Kayo smiled grimly and closed his eyes. Stepping out of the truck, he locked it back up and headed to the cab. In his mind’s eye, he could see the directions to the place expecting the shipment up north.
 It was a good a time as any to pay them a visit.
